automation/jlweb/ui/SearchBox.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.SearchBox
automation/jlweb/features/search/package-info.java
 automation.jlweb.features.search.package-info
automation/jlweb/tasks/NavigateToSubCategory.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.NavigateToSubCategory
automation/jlweb/model/SubCategory.java
 automation.jlweb.model.SubCategory
automation/jlweb/tasks/OpenTheApplication.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.OpenTheApplication
automation/jlweb/ui/HomePage.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.HomePage
automation/jlweb/tasks/AddTags.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.AddTags
automation/jlweb/tasks/NavigateToCategory.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.NavigateToCategory
automation/jlweb/model/Category.java
 automation.jlweb.model.Category
automation/jlweb/model/TelephoneType.java
 automation.jlweb.model.TelephoneType
automation/jlweb/tasks/EnterPhoneNumber.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.EnterPhoneNumber
automation/jlweb/ui/GoogleSearchPage.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.GoogleSearchPage
automation/jlweb/features/search/LoginWithValidCredentials.java
 automation.jlweb.features.search.LoginWithValidCredentials
automation/jlweb/ui/NavigationBar.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.NavigationBar
automation/jlweb/tasks/LoginJLWeb.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.LoginJLWeb
automation/jlweb/features/search/SearchByKeywordStory.java
 automation.jlweb.features.search.SearchByKeywordStory
automation/jlweb/tasks/Search.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.Search
automation/jlweb/ui/LoginPage.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.LoginPage
automation/jlweb/ui/AddCustomerPage.java
 automation.jlweb.ui.AddCustomerPage
automation/jlweb/tasks/EnterCustomerInfo.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.EnterCustomerInfo
automation/jlweb/features/customers/CreateCustomer.java
 automation.jlweb.features.customers.CreateCustomer
automation/jlweb/tasks/EnterContactInfo.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.EnterContactInfo
automation/jlweb/tasks/SelectButton.java
 automation.jlweb.tasks.SelectButton
